This small coconut pepper is Su Ya’s favorite,
There needs to be some candy,
Then let Su Ya interfere with something,
Guo Ling, Guo Ling, such a good thing,
How do you explain the degree?
Well, I want to be afraid,
Me, it’s the news,
I'll call you this mom right away.
Mom, news,
Hey, it’s not good for dad to tell you that nonsense.
Don’t ring other people’s eyes,
one two three,
Ding, wow, Hu said on the phone,
Male breasts really like talking nonsense on the phone,
Thank you dad, I'm polite
Dad, please put it on so that your good daughter can put it on
It’s good to have famous courses in Paiyin
It turns out we couldn't make a phone call to help Su Lin.
This time I came out to help my belly bone spirit
Don't worry